Kalman filters, which we'll learn about in this program,
operate well when vehicles are exhibiting linear motion,
but encountered challenges when vehicles begin to exhibit nonlinear motion,
curves or other difficult unpredictable types of motion.
You'll learn about ways to overcome
those challenges by programming unscented or extended Kalman filters,
which linearize nonlinear motion to make it easier for Kalman filters to fuse together.
No type of filter is perfect,
but by choosing a good filter and implementing it correctly,
we can reduce the inherent uncertainty in
our sensor measurements and gain a comprehensive understanding of the environment.